- [Instructor] Now that we have added the database
introduction code, let's modify the SearchController
to call repository and set the data of search results
inside the Model object.
So let's go back to (mumbles).
Go to the SearchController,
and we're going to make sure that we invoke
the repository implementation from here.
Now in Spring, it can be very easily done
with the autowired annotation.
So you just have to make sure that the product repository
is dependency injected into SearchController,
and that is done with autowired annotation.
So I'm going to say ProductRepository,
let's take a variable, and then let's come down
to the search method on line 22.
I'm just going to create a list first of Product.
Let's label it as products,
and you can create a new ArrayList object.
And then to this, we assign the products
that are coming out of the database code,
which is ProductRepository.searchByName.
And this searchByName is going to take a parameter,
which is our search text,
which is going to come as a part of RequestParam on line 22.
So let's make sure that we pass that argument.
Yeah.
And then, finally, let's add it to the model as an object.
So I'm going to say addAttribute.
And it's going to be a key value pair,
so let's say products, that's the key,
and the object is going to be the actual list.
The next step is add code to access that Model on the JSP.
So let's go back to our searchjsp now.
And this was the form that was taking your search criteria,
and as we spoke before, there is this section
that will allow you to display your products.
Now, the entire display of data is going to be done
with the JavaServer Pages Tag Library.
So you have JSTL code library that you can use
as a part of this JSP.
Now the display of the data
on the JSP is going to be provided
by the JavaServer Pages Tag Library.
We are going to use the JSTL code library
in order to iterate that list of products
for this section and display the data.
So for that, I have to first include the JSTL code
right at the top, the tag (mumbles) that we do in JSP.
So let's go to internet and find our JSTL code library.
So if you go here, you should be able to get
the standard syntax right there.
So that's the one that you put on your JSP pages.
So go to the (mumbles), and at the top,
let's make sure that it is right there.
Now let's come down, under the section of the products,
and this entire section, we want to make visible
if the products that are set in the model
from the controller is not empty.
So on line 45, I'm going to put this tag
from the code library of JSTL.
Let's use c:if and say test some condition.
What is our condition going to be?
The condition is let's check
if the products list is not empty.
So this is that c:if tag that we want to use.
So basically, this is just like the JSP expression
language that we had.
We are trying to access the products list from the Model
and given to test whether that list is empty.
If it is not, then we wish to display this entire section.
Now, let's also make sure
that we end it correctly on line 61.
Also, the list of products, if it's not empty,
we have to make sure that iterate to that,
and then display this container item for every product.
So it's basically a mix of HTML C:if classes
that's right there for you.
You just have to make sure that you iterate it
using the C for each deck.
So that's what we're going to do.
Let's come on line 47 and say C.
Let's make use of the c:forEach tag.
It has an attribute called var,
which will define the name of every variable
in that products list.
And what are the items?
The items you're going to access
using expression language like this.
So there we go.
So we have the products list ready for iteration,
and for each of this, we're going to take this variable
and assign correct values to the image and to the name.
So let's go to the source attribute of the image
and access it using expression language again, .imagePath.
And for the name, it will be product.name.
Please note that these attribute names
that I'm trying to write here are exactly same
as you defined in your product B.
So that's how you use the expression language
with the JSTL code library.
So once we are done with that,
then we can close this c:forEach in the proper position.
So let's come back to line 57, and let's close this.
So just to quickly summarize, we put a condition,
checking if the products list is empty or not.
If it is not empty, then we need to display
this entire section.
So we are iterating the products list to using c:forEach,
and we'll generate this item those many times,
and then we list end the (mumbles) tag here.
So now the last step is just to build
and run the application.
So let's go to Maven tab.
And let's run this spring boat run target.
Please make sure that you always
use the spring boat run target to make sure
that you compile and generate the (mumbles),
because this project is working with JSPs,
and the spring boat run target will work well with it.
So now let's go to our application.
I'm just going to open this application again.
So let's access the URL correctly.
That will be http://localhost8080.
Let's go to home first.
From there, let's go to search.
There we go, so you have the search form now,
and let's enter some search criteria.
There we go.
So now we are getting those products,
which are going to contain the text water.
Let me search for something else.
Let's say protein.
So now you have just three products.
In turn, let's go and say chocolate.
Yes.
So the entire search use case
now has been implemented with Spring MVC.
Of course, we got Spring JPA in the picture,
so that we can interact with the database code.
So we added the database introduction code
with product repository.
We added also a (mumbles) for it.
Let's quickly go to the database.
This is the MySQL Workbench that we have installed
on my machine.
And these are the two tables under the H plus schema.
And if you look at this table of product,
you already have the data for the product names
and the image parts.
The script for the entire H plus stable generation
and inserting this data is already provided to you
under your resources folder.
You just have to run these scripts
on the database server that you wish to use,
and you can go ahead with your development.
So this is the product table that we are talking about,
which maps to this product entity.
And inside this table, we have id as the primary key,
which is designated by @Id annotation,
which comes from the Spring JP data space.
Also, if you look at your output in the console,
you did go to home controller.
You went to the search page,
you went to the SearchController, and every single time,
the search criteria was mapped with @RequestParam
annotation on line 22.
You're getting it correctly extracted
in your controller class.
So we have seen @RequestParam.
We have used Model object
in order to store the values for the views.
We have also seen Model in view.
In the next video, we're going to explore
the Model attribute annotation.